clint details 


Personality:

Bullmastiffs are gentle and affectionate with family members. Their generally calm, easy-going natures make them good dogs for families with reasonably well-behaved children. However, the bullmastiff's laid-back attitude with family members is likely to change when a stranger enters the picture. These dogs tend to be quite suspicious of people outside the family.
For all his family-oriented loyalty, the bullmastiff is no pushover. He can be an independent thinker, which can make training a challenge. He also may be less tolerant of a family's animal members than of its human members. Caution may be in order if you're thinking of adding a bullmastiff to your menagerie.

History:

The bullmastiff was developed during the mid-19th century by British gamekeepers to protect country estates from poachers. By crossing the larger mastiff with the bulldog, breeders were able to develop a powerfully built but active animal that could cover short distances quickly, knock a poacher down to the ground, and hold him there until the gamekeeper arrived to apprehend the intruder.
Today, however, the bullmastiff is more likely to be an easygoing, loyal and loving family pet than a poacher's worst enemy. "The gamekeeper's night dog" can now be found lounging in family homes and competing in show rings. The breed was recognized by the AKC in 1933.

Our Goals

To provide you with a happy, health, cute, wrinkly and cuddly new best friend.  We know that dogs are part of the family so we strive to make your newest addition the best possible.  We will work hard to make sure you are happy. 

Family Friendly

Our puppies are raised with lots of love and attention.  Their sociability, health and happiness are our secret to success and integration into their forever home. 


Personal touch

We are a small hobby breeder who love this breed and care about every puppy we raise.  We believe in the quality of our puppies and not the quantity.



Limited 1 year Health Guarantee

 As breeders and lovers of dogs, we always strive to produce the best and healthiest Bullmastiff puppies which meet the breed standards.  We do this by only selecting great studs and dams that lead us to believe they will produce healthy babies for loving families to enjoy. However, please remember that we are working with live animals that may develop illnesses common to the breed or viral infections that can be found anywhere in the environment, and even sometimes congenital illnesses that may have been present in either bloodline several generations back. Unfortunately, when buying/selling a puppy we can never be 100% sure of the puppy’s health until he/she is examined by a veterinarian. For this reason and for your peace of mind, Clinton's Bullmastiff Home offers a one-year limited health guarantee on all of our Bullmastiff puppies for sale. 

You must have your puppy examined by a licensed veterinarian of your choice within seven (7) business days of receiving your puppy. If your puppy, in the opinion of the veterinarian, has any physical problems considered to be life threatening, we will provide you with a healthy replacement puppy of equal value. If there are no puppies available, one will be provided from the next available litter whelped. If you choose a puppy of greater value, then you will be responsible for the cost difference. To make a claim, you must return the puppy back to Clinton's Bullmastiff Home within seven (7) days of the vet check. Also, include a signed statement from the veterinarian providing the date of the examination and an explanation as to why the puppy's health is at risk. The statement must include a description of the symptoms supporting the opinion of the veterinarian. There will be no refund on shipping charges. Should the puppy die of a birth defect within one year of the time of purchase, Clinton's Bullmastiff Home will provide a replacement puppy. To qualify for this guarantee, you must have kept the puppy under the care of a licensed veterinarian. The care must include all vaccinations recommended by the veterinarian. 

To make a claim, you must provide a signed statement from the veterinarian including the cause of death and a copy of ALL of your puppy's health records. If there are no puppies available, one will be provided from the next available litter whelped. 

Failure to have the puppy examined within seven (7) days of purchase, VOIDS ALL GUARANTEES. Under no condition will we replace a puppy, where we are not advised of it's being ill beforehand, or "put to sleep" without our permission. 

Note: This health guarantee does not apply to the following: alopecia, hypoglycemia, cherry eye, entropion, giardia, internal/external parasites, coccidian (coccidiosis), kennel cough, parvo, distemper, allergies, viral/bacterial infections, mites, fleas, ticks. ALL types of mange, physical problems which is or could be the result of an injury, collapsing trachea, hernias, non-descending testicles, open fontanels, hip dysplasia or any other disease or health condition that is treatable. 


Note: If a puppy is being returned for any health guarantee claim, you must also return all registration papers. Registration papers must be signed, transferring ownership back to Clinton's Bullmastiff Home

Note: All sales are final, and Clinton's  Bullmastiff Home will not be held responsible for any costs accrued after the sale. 

Note: NO REFUNDS AND ALL DEPOSITS & PAYMENTS ARE NON REFUNDABLE  



Shipping

You are more than welcome to drive here and pick up your puppy in person. If this doesn't work for you, we're happy to ship your puppy using one of our shipping options below. We do NOT allow our puppies to go to their new homes until a minimum of 8 weeks old. In rare cases we may keep the puppies until 9 or 10 weeks if we feel they are not ready for their new home yet. If you live far away and are not willing to pick your puppy up, we can safely ship your puppy via ground or air.



VIP Ground Shipping

Ground shipping is a great option for transporting your puppy if you are relatively close.  Your puppy will travel in an air-conditioned/heated car by our trusted pet nanny service and will stop on a regular basis for food, water and potty breaks.  Shipping by ground will vary in cost depending on your location and is determined by our pet nanny service whether available or if Air is only option.


VIP Air Transportation

This is our preferred method and most requested form of transport. You can literally rest easy knowing with 100% certainty that your puppy is safe and in good hands. Our Pet Nanny Service will hand deliver your puppy to your nearest airport for $150-$260 as set by the service based on final destination.

Puppy Deposit $500.00

If you want to select one of our available puppies, please place deposit to secure them.  Please note or contact us for puppy selected


Home 
Available puppies 
Shipping 
Mission 
Guarantee 
Contact Us
Reviews



about us 
Greetings & welcome to our Premium Bullmastiff Home. Over the years, my family and I have brought much joy into the homes of so many. Our Bullmastiff are raised in an environment of love, hence they grow to make really great companions. I remember when I had my first  Bullmastiff  dog, i was only 12 and till date, that day will be one of the best days of my life. At such a tender age i learned how it felt like to be responsible and care for the little puppy. I did get help from my parents but I did most of the work. I must say, it really helped shaped my character and he was my best friend. Ever since then, i have always had  Bullmastiff Dog around me. Except when i went off to college. Even still, my friend who owned a  Bullmastiff dog, would often invite me over to their house for weekends. It was really fun. Now that i am all grown and have a family, I would advise anyone out there to get a puppy most especially for their kids. Owning a puppy at a tender age made me understand the act of caring. If you are looking for a home raised  Bullmastiff dog, You are in the right place.
WHY CHOOSE US
Pricing: We sometimes offer discounts on our puppies for sale. Due to the high price of these puppies, it is often hard to find one at a fair price which is in a great health. Now, you can benefit from our yearly discounts. We only started this to make it possible for those who love these puppies but cannot afford them due to the high prices. There are some really great families out there who will make great homes but just cannot afford to take in one of these babies. With the discount, that becomes possible.
Quality: All of our puppies are home raised, current on shots and will come with all health records and a health guarantee. Before our puppies move into their new homes, they begin training and we ensure they get all their required shots from birth till when they are ready to go.
24/7 Support: We will always be here to guide you and answer all your questions. You can always reach out to us by email. After you buy a puppy from us. We just don’t cut contact. On the contrary we would like to keep in touch to ensure that the puppy is doing well and offer our help if it is needed.
Contact for more information or email us letting us know what you are looking for, please also include the kind of home/environment which the puppy will be getting into and don’t forget to include your Full Name, E-mail Address and Contact numbers.

Clinton's Bullmastiff Home


